# mindscreenfilminstitute
Mindscreen Film Institute founded by Rajiv Menon, started as a school for Cinematography and branched out to Screenplay Writing, Film-Making and Direction. Rajiv Menon, known for his passion for teaching, has mentored award winning cinematographers and directors during their formative years. Run by a team of senior professionals, Mindscreen Film Institute takes pride in having been the training ground for some of the best talent in the film industry today. Mindscreen Film Equipment Company draws upon two decades of experience, in providing the film industry with the state-of-the-art equipment's on rent, such as Arriflex Alexa, Red Dragon, Red Epic with Zeiss Ultra Prime, Zeiss High speed, Cooke S4i Lenses, Optima and HR Zoom Lenses supported by a full complement of lights and grip equipment's. Panther Dolly, Jimmy jib cranes, an array of Tungsten and flicker free HMI Par lights and Kino banks powered by a fleet of silent generator trucks are additional facilities available to the clients. The certificate course on Cinematography started in the year 2006 is highly reputed for its comprehensive program on film-making with specialization in cinematography. Students get hands-on learning experience and theoretical knowledge on the latest equipment's and facilities available in campus. Mission Mindscreen Film Institute to offer high quality professional study programs in the theory &amp; practice of film-making. Mindscreen Film Institute to focus on specialized areas of film-making that develop very proficient technicians who are creative artists as well. Mindscreen Film Institute and its alumni to make a professional impact and significant contribution to the media and entertainment industry. Philosophy We believe that a good film-maker, irrespective of his/her role must appreciate all aspects of the process. From the choices a cinematographer confronts, understanding the director &amp; his script, how sound and music transform a scene to assembling of images in the editing room. And the best way to learn them is to have a real 'touch-feel-do' experience. Mindscreen Film Institute is all about hands-on learning. Our learning environment is designed to move one beyond their current level, expand the vision, enhance technical skills and unleash the potential to IMAGINE, THINK &amp; CREATE a new way.
